 
 
Ms. Juhi Bharat parekh
 
 
Status:Confirmed
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PNR: UB5K6M/ SG
 
 
Booking Ref. No: 43786283
 
 
Booked on: 
Thu, Oct. 21, 2021 16:56 Hrs
 
 
 
 
 
Surat (T1)
 
Wed Oct. 27, 2021 10:30 Hrs
 
SG 3419
Mumbai (T2)
 
Wed Oct. 27, 2021 11:30 Hrs
 
 
Passenger Name
Flight
Fare Type
Add-on Services
Ms. Juhi 
Bharat parekh
SG 3419
(STV-BOM)
Corporate
Seat 3D
 
Baggage Info:
 
1 piece of check-in baggage of up to 15 kg 
and 1 piece of hand baggage of up to 7 kg are
permitted. Power banks/portable mobile chargers are allowed ONLY in hand baggage.
 
GST Number/UIN
Company Name
Work Location
GST Email
29AAACQ3774A2ZI
MYNTRA JABONG INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED
 
CCINVOICES@MYNTRA.COM
 
Payment Information
 
Payment Type
Total Price
Promo Code
Savings
Amount Paid
Agency
3,305 INR
NIL
360
3,305 INR
Fare + Airline fuel charge + CUTE Fee
3,092 INR
User Development Fee
148 INR
Aviation Security Fee
236 INR
RCS Provision Fees
50 INR
IGST
139 INR
 
 
Terms and Conditions
DGCA mandates all passengers to wear masks and to maintain social distancing norms at all times during their travel. All
passengers must ensure strict compliance of Covid-19 protocols. 
DGCA Order for Covid-19 protocols can be checked at
https://corporate.spicejet.com/content/pdf/covid-circular-dgca.pdf
Baggage:1
. 
Hand Baggage Allowance (Domestic and International): 
Each passenger is permitted to carry one piece of hand baggage with
maximum weight of 7 kg., including a laptop and duty free shopping bags, free of cost. On flights to and from London, one piece of
hand baggage of up to 10 kg is permitted. Hand baggage size must be within the dimensions of: 55 cm + 35 cm + 25 cm (L+W+H;
total 115 cm) on Boeing flights and 50 cm + 35 cm + 23 cm (L+W+H; total 108 cm or 42.5 inches) on Q400 flights. Women
passengers are also permitted to carry a ladies purse, over and above the aforementioned hand baggage allowance. Passengers
with infants are permitted to carry an additional piece of hand baggage with maximum weight of 7 kg. (10 kg in case of London
flight), and not exceeding the aforementioned size dimensions.
2
. 
Checked-in Baggage Allowance: 
SpiceJet permits one piece of free checked-in baggage of up to 15 kg with overall maximum
dimensions of 158 cm (L+W+H), per passenger, for all domestic flights. In case of International travel for bookings made from
September 18, 2021 onwards, two pieces of free checked-in baggage of up to 20 kg (30 kg in case passenger is travelling to/
from Colombo, Dubai, Muscat, Kuwait, Hong Kong and Kabul) are permitted. For Kuwait to India 40Kg is permitted only for The
ticket issued until October 6, 2021 and for the travel from October 1, 2021 to October 31, 2021 and Ticket issued on or after
October 7, 2021 and for the travel from October 7, 2021 and October 15, 2021.. In case the passenger is travelling to/ from Jeddah
and Riyadh, baggage allowance of 25 kg is permitted. For passengers travelling from Jeddah to India, 5 liters of zam zam water
(only) will be accepted over and above the baggageallowance.Passengers travelling from other countries are permitted to carry
two pieces of free checked-in baggage with the travel date of October 1, 2021 onwards. For flights from Dubai having travel
between August 20, 2021 to September 30, 2021 and for flights from Ras-Al-Khaimah having travel between August 20, 2021 to
October 31, 2021 , passengers will be permitted to carry 40 kg of free checked-in baggage. However for Dubai to Kozhikode,
40Kgs is permitted only for travel between September 22 to October 15, 2021 and for Dubai to Kochi, 40 Kgs is permitted for travel
till October 13, 2021.
Connecting Flight Baggage Policy
3
. 
Passenger travelling on SpiceJet domestic flight to SpiceJet international flight or vice versa, the Free Baggage Allowance of
International flight will be applicable once within 24hrs of its flight departure to any domestic flight after landing in India.
4
. 
Passenger travelling on SpiceJet domestic flight and having connection on another airline to/from an international destination, are
permitted one piece of checked-in baggage of up to 15 kg per passenger per flight.
Check-In:
5
. 
Web check-in is mandatory for all domestic flights and closes 60 mins prior to departure. Web check-in facility is available on
www.corporate.spicejet.com. For assistance with check-in or reissuance of boarding pass at the airport, a facilitation fee of INR
200 per passenger will be charged. Bookings made for senior citizens, armed forces, unaccompanied minors and passengers with
medical conditions or on a stretcher are exempted from this fee. Airport check-in counters will open three hours prior to departure.
Passengers are encouraged to report at least two hours prior to departure. Check-in counters will close 75 mins prior to departure
for London, Dubai and Kabul flights and 60 mins prior to departure for all other flights. 
Failure to report on time can result in your booking being cancelled and the fare retained.
6
. 
Boarding gate closes 20 minutes ( 
45 minutes in case of Kabul and 25 minutes in case of other international travel 
) prior
to scheduled departure time and failure to board within the stipulated time can result in denied boarding with fare retained.
7
. 
Passengers who have 
web checked-in must ensure that hand baggage meet the physical dimensions and the weight limits, and
must pay for excess hand baggage (if any) at the airport check-in counter. There will be random checks at the boarding gates for
hand baggage size and weight, and if found oversized or overweight, INR 500/Kg will be chargeable, and additionally the bag may
be taken from the passenger to be placed in the hold.
Payment by foreign credit cards:
8
. 
For all foreign (Non-Indian) credit / debit card payments, the card must be produced for physical verification at the airport check-in
counter if the passenger is the cardholder. Incase the cardholder is not traveling, it is mandatory for the passenger to furnish to
the airport check-in staff a physical copy of the front side of credit / debit card duly authorized by the cardholder, along with
cardholder's valid proof of identification. In the absence of such credit / debit card or copy and/or identity mismatch, we will be
constrained to refuse the boarding. You may however pay through acceptable alternate mode of payment at the time of check-in
and continue your journey.
Cancellations and Rescheduling Initiated by Passengers:
9
. 
Changes/cancellation in the bookings can be made only up to 2 hour prior to scheduled departure time ( 
4 hours in case of
international travel 
) upon payment of a change/cancellation fee (amount depends on the type of far e purchased, as advised at
the time of booking) along with difference in fare, if applicable. All promo/sale fares are restrictive fares and are refundable (only
statutory taxes). Certain promo/sale fares do not permit changes to the flight. Please check restrictions on the fare while booking
Passenger Handling during Flight Delays, Cancellations, and Missed Connections:
10
. 
SpiceJet does not connect to other carriers; therefore, SpiceJet is not responsible for any losses incurred by the passengers
while trying to connect to or from other carriers. SpiceJet will not be liable in any way for delays/ cancellations/ diversions
whether due to bad weather, government regulation or for instances beyond SpiceJet's control. SpiceJet reserves the right,
without assigning any reason, to cancel or delay the commencement or continuance of the flight or to alter the stopping place or to
deviate from the route of the journey or to change the type of aircraft in use without thereby incurring any liability in damages or
otherwise to the passenger or any other person on any ground whatsoever. SpiceJet also reserves to itself the right to refuse to
carry any person whom it considers unfit to travel or who in the opinion of SpiceJet may constitute risks to the aircraft or to the
Customers on board. For denied boarding, delays and cancellation the Civil Aviation Requirements under section 3 - Air Transport,
Series 'M' Part IV, Issue I, dated August 1, 2016 shall be applicable. Please refer to the Terms of Carriage at
https://corporate.spicejet.com/tnc.aspx
 for details. 
We strongly recommend passengers to provide correct phone number
and email address to enable us to inform of flight delays or cancellations in unforeseen conditions.
Unacceptable behaviour:
11
. 
If in our reasonable opinion passenger conduct is observed as to endanger the aircraft or any person or property on board, or
obstruct the crew in the performance of their duties, or fail to comply with any instructions of the crew, including but not limited to
those with respect to smoking, consumption of alcohol/drug at any place in the aircraft or display behaviour creating
inconvenience to the other passengers (including under influence of alcohol), SpiceJet will have full right to take all
steps/measures to prevent any such act, including restraint. Each such passenger shall also be liable to pay penalty of Rs.10,000
per passenger which will be levied and to be paid immediately. Additionally you may be refused onward carriage at any point and
may be prosecuted for offences committed on board the aircraft. Further SpiceJet reserves the right to offload you from the flight
and recover from each such passenger any and all cost (whether direct or consequential ) incurred as a result of your behaviour,
including but not limited to air traffic control charges, diversion fuel costs, airport landing charges and necessary flight crew
costs, cost incurred due to disrupted operations/flight delays and misconnections and inconvenience to other passengers.
Additional Terms and Conditions
12
. 
Self or Voluntary offloading after boarding the flight by the passenger is strictly not permitted, except in an unforeseen event of
medical emergency or similar cases, such as death of relatives for which the passenger 
will have to provide evidence, to the
satisfaction of SpiceJet. Self or Voluntary offloading causes unwarranted inconvenience to other travelling passengers, delay in
operation of flight and also the airline incurring additional costs for such delays. In case the passenger offloads himself/herself
for any cause other than as mentioned above, SpiceJet will cancel the entire ticket for each such passenger for the subject travel
and also any further transportation (whether under single or multiple PNR) with no refunds. Each such passenger who is off-
loaded shall be liable to a off-loading fee of Rs.10,000 per passenger which will be levied and to be paid immediately upon off-
loading. Additionally, SpiceJet reserves the right to recover from each such passenger any and all costs (whether direct or
consequential) incurred due to disrupted operations including but not limiting to removal of baggage, flight delays, disruptions and
misconnections and inconvenience to other passengers.
13
. 
Excess Baggage in terms of weight and pieces over and above the free baggage allowance will be charged as per the applicable
rates at the airport. For details, please refer to the Terms of Carriage on our website 
https://corporate.spicejet.com/Tnc.aspx
.
14
. 
Excess baggage can be pre-booked at discounted rates up to 1 hr prior to departure on domestic flights and 6 hrs prior to
departure on international flights, from our website, by calling our Reservation numbers or at our airport ticketing counters.
15
. 
We strongly recommend that all valuables (e.g. camera, jewellery, cash, electronics, perishables items, etc.) and medication shall
be carried in cabin baggage only. SpiceJet assumes no responsibility for any pilferage/ damage to valuables incase they are
carried in check-in baggage and the passenger shall be doing so at their sole risk and consequences.
16
. 
Passengers travelling to UAE/Oman from India for employment/tourist purposes shall be requiring an "OK TO BOARD" comment in 
SpiceJet Limited,
 
319, Udyog Vihar-4, Gurugram - 122016, Haryana
 
Email:
custrelations@spicejet.com
 
Reservations Helpline No:
 
+91 (0)124 4983410
, 
+91 (0)124 7101600
 
Click here
 for T&Cs
 
Scan the code to
visit AirSewa portal
the PNR. Kindly get in touch with your visa issuing agency for the same.
17
. 
All Foreign Nationals/ Non-Resident Indians are mandatorily required to carry their Passport with valid visa for their travel.
18
. 
Name changes are not permitted on your booking. Please ensure that passenger's booking name matches with proof of
identification.
19
. 
Any booking made using special fares/ promo codes/ discount coupons etc. shall be subject to terms and conditions of respective
promotion in addition to the general Terms of Carriage.
20
. 
Passengers requiring wheelchair assistance, stretcher, or passenger travelling with infants and unaccompanied minors are
requested to book in advance since the facility for these special service requests are limited. Please refer to
https://corporate.spicejet.com/SpecialAssistance.aspx
 for details. You may also call our Reservations +91(0)124 4983410 and
+91(0)124 7101600 for further assistance.
21
. 
For any queries, you may call us anytime at +91 (0)124 4983410 and +91 (0)124 7101600 or connect with our chat bot, Ms. Pepper
on our website 
www.corporate.spicejet.com
, 
or through our WhatsApp number 6000000006.
22
. 
This booking is governed by the Fare Rules and Terms of Carriage accepted at the time of booking and also available at
https://corporate.spicejet.com/Tnc.aspx 
.
23
. 
Flight schedules are subject to change and applicable regulatory approvals.
24
. 
Certain fares could carry a restriction related to change/cancellation and policy. In case you do not wish to opt for restricted fare,
you can book two separate PNRs for each sector without the benefits/restrictions of the return fare.
25
. 
Passengers are advised to compulsorily retain the boarding pass until exiting the terminal for security reasons. Passengers on via
and connecting flights should keep their boarding pass handy for physical check at transit points.
26
. 
Carriage of Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is prohibited in checked-in and hand baggage.
27
. 
Dangerous Goods Regulations:
28
. 
In the event Spicejet:
a.
prepones the flight by sixty (60) minutes or more; or
b.
postpones the flight by one hundred and twenty (120) minutes or more,
the affected passengers shall be entitled either for:
i.
full refund of the amount paid by them; or
ii.
to be accommodated on alternate flight(s) for the same sector for next or preceding seven (07) days from the original date of
journey, subject to availability and SpiceJet’s discretion in the event SpiceJet.
29
. 
Add-on services like Meal, SpiceMax, Excess Baggage, Lounge, Priority Check-in, Preferred Bag Out are non-cancellable in
isolation.
30
. 
As per the orders from the Ministry of Civil Aviation, Food and Beverages are only available on flights with duration
of 2 hours and above. In case you have pre-booked meals/beverages, the amount paid by you will be maintained in a
Credit Shell, which will be valid for one year.
31
. 
Know your rights 
https://corporate.spicejet.com/Content/pdf/PassengerCharterMoCAIndiaFeb.pdf
 
.